edits to general_packages.rst (#385)
QuantEcon/lecture-source-jl: rst_files/general_packages.rst

.. I am not sure I agree... The size of the ecosystem depends on what kind of package you are thinking of
.. While Julia lacks the massive scientific ecosystem of Python, it has successfully attracted a small army of enthusiastic and talented developers

> Julia has both a large number of useful, well written libraries and many incomplete poorly maintained proof of concepts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Julia has both a large number of useful, well written libraries and many incomplete poorly maintained proofs of concept
```
